well I had either internet people it's
Bo again so we're gonna talk about some
more tone-deaf comments coming from our
government today but before we get into
that I want to remind everybody that
there are tens of millions of Americans
that have no health insurance there are
tens of millions more who are
underinsured that 1 out of 10 Americans
cannot handle a $400 emergency and 40%
would have difficulty doing so there's
our baseline before we start this
conversation because when we talk about
tone-deaf comments what it displays in
glorious fashion is how how far are our
representatives those people who are
supposed to represent us up in DC how
far away from us they are they don't
even understand the situation the fears
so how on earth can they represent us so
what are the comments we all know
President Trump is a bit of a germaphobe
well despite what he's telling everybody
publicly I guess that he's kind of
worried that a journalist may give him
something on Air Force One and he's
worried about that terrified of it
panicking meltdown these are the words
that we used
Representative Paul Gosselaar out of
Arizona he's on a staycation and he said
that you know it's given him time to
think of how a man's mortality and he's
decided he would rather go out
gloriously in battle fear they're afraid
and they have access to the finest
health care that money can buy with your
money by the way and they're afraid they
can take time off they could stay home
and they're letting these comments get
out their job is to convey calm if it is
scary or unnerving or worrisome for
people who have the ability to stay home
and rest to go on a staycation who have
health insurance who have private
physicians available to them if it's
worrisome for them what does that say
for the rest of the country what does
that say for the tens of millions of
uninsured those who don't have access to
health care those who can't take a week
off much less - however when anybody
brings up addressing the healthcare
crisis in this country oh no no no we
can't do that that's socialism can't do
that can't let people have health care
that's that's just wrong well then let's
let's do it within the market let's find
some way to incentivize raising you know
wages get people no no can't do that
can't do that either so it would just be
great if you guys would you know stay
poor and die quietly thoughts and
prayers and all that but we don't want
to hear about it this should be a
wake-up call for the GOP it's not gonna
be but it should be
the economic concerns that people are
worried about they're going to be
drastically greater here because the
working class don't have health care
those people who you count on to run
those factories while our supply chains
going to be interrupted it's going to be
a whole lot worse when workers can't
come in
a healthy community is an economically
viable community it might be something
worthy of putting on the platform in
some way and truthfully nobody cares how
it's done
but if you're in one of the most
powerful countries on the planet you
should probably be able to see a doctor
anyway
it's just a thought the eye of a good
night